Ah strand of hair!
Ah видly in feature!
Flat face!
Thou shall not approach me!
Thus though throw all things in awe.
What a mess!
What a rabid mess!
Then cheer up me!
I died
Because of that love
Iuing lands have suffered
Music
he did call himself a shocker of his own country.
Yes, he was.
I entice him I tell you to go!
Hello.
Young master,
My good, my own!
My good friendship with her has given me immortality.
My hands and hand were covered with the power ofikao...
for summoning the Gear of
Sasebomu by Kitabatawe activate the明了凛
I'm ashamed to see your face.
I'm ashamed to say hello to you.
I'm not going to marry you.
I'm going to marry you.
Oh, my goodness.
I don't know what to do.
I'm ashamed to say hello to you.